The following process description is a summary of the sequential tasks pertaining to the “​order handling process” by the service a​gents of the sales department in CompanyX. The primary tasks of the sales department is to administer and facilitate the client’s order requests in the (CRM) system as they come in. This process starts with the service agent accessing the inbound order requests and opening the translation order to check the document type. If the client has attached a document format the system cannot accept, such as a PDF, the agent requests a different format from the client. If the client does not have a different format, the agent manually tries to convert it into a format the system can accept. The agent then analyses the document in order to process the document and give the system an automatic read of document length, word and repetition count. When the document is analysed, the agent then sets a quota on the order and registers it to the system. Before sending the quota to the client, the agent subcontracts a translator to fulfil the translation. This task is done by the agent choosing a translator from the Company X’s Translator Database, and sending them a task request. The translator can either choose to accept or reject the task, and if rejected the agent has to send the request to another translator. If the task is accepted, the agent gets a notification of this, and sends the quota to the client to accept. If the client accepts the quota, a notification is sent to the assigned translator to begin the translation work. Should the client reject the quota, the order is cancelled and the translator is released from the task. Once the translation work is complete, the translator uploads the finished document into the system. The agent then quality checks the translation work, ensuring that that the translation is on par with company requirements/standards. If the work is accepted, the agent will send the translated document along with an invoice to the client and close the order case.