As seen in the model, the process begins with a wherein the reception receives a sick call. Next, the reception forward sick call to the Resp. department, where they register sick call in system. Once the sick call has been registered, the Resp. department contact to hear if anyone in the team is available to cover the shift. An conditions whether someone from the team is available to cover the shift or not. If there is a team member available the Resp. department will cover the shift with team member. From here the process moves to a merging and finally moves to the end. However, if it is the second condition of the first that is met, the process looks a bit different. If there is no team member available to the Resp. department must make dissemination and handover to sub. When the Sub. department has received the dissemination, an conditions what activities will be performed next based on whether there is a time pressure or not. The aspect of time pressure in the process is rather relative and not firmely defined. If there is time pressure the Sub. department will look towards the acute team that is standing by, ready to help in urgent situations. If no acute team member is available, the Sub. department will handover to Resp. who will have to hospitalise citizen. However, if there is an acute team member available the Sub. department will cover shit with acute team member and handover to Resp. After either using an acute team member or hospitalising the citizen, the process moves to where the Resp. department contact relevant parties and cover dissemination. Afterwards a merging is present which is followed by a merging from where the process comes to an end. If there s no time pressure the Sub. department has time to search for substitute in 'Basen', where they can find a potential substitute. When they have done so, the Sub. department handover to the Resp. information about the potential substitute. The Resp department then check for missing competencies in order to ensure that the potential substitute is allowed to cover the shift without taking further measurements. Afterwards, an conditions what activities will be performed next based on whether all the required competencies are met by the potential substitute or the potential substitute is missing some competencies. If all of the required competencies are met the Resp. department can cover the shift with the substitute and the process ends as previously described. If the potential substitute does not meet all of the required competencies, the Resp. department must request approval of overlap. This request is communicated to RCØ through a message, which is why the request is followed by a message flow and a catching message event where RCØ receive overlap request.. Once RCØ has received the request, they respond to request and message their response back to the Resp. department. The Resp. department receive answer to overlap request and afterwards the Resp. department register answer. From here two scenarios are present: If the overlap has been denied, a rework flow is started as Resp. initiates handover to Sub. Receiving the overlap denial, the Sub. department will once again evaluate the relative time pressure in relation to the beginning of the shift, before working towards covering the shift as explained earlier. If the overlap is approved the Resp. department can proceed to cover shift with substitute and subsequently both contact relevant parties and cover dissemination and thus the process ends a previously described.