The process is as follows; they create and collect multiple samples in petri dishes and bottles. There are two different units: production and quality control. Within Quality Control (QC), there are two different sub-departments; Quality Control Chemical (QCC), and Quality Control Microbiological (QCM). The focus of this paper will be in the sub-department; Quality Control Microbiological. Quality control is tasked with managing the samples and performing sanitary control of the materials used to create their products. The first step, collecting samples, is performed by the production unit. The process involves the collection of samples, which they then log in an IT-system, LIMS, and the samples are then submitted. Hereafter, an employee from quality control receives the samples, checks the samples and makes sure that they are not missing any from the samples registered. This is logged in a connected IT-system, Global LIMS, and the samples are registered as ‘collected’ and are ready for analysis. Furthermore, the created samples must be analysed according to a specific method and are then incubated afterwards. The duration of incubation varies according to the collected sample. In QCM, there is an administrative employee responsible for receiving the samples and distributing them to the chemists and laboratory technicians performing different types of analysis. When the samples have been 2 analysed, the information is logged in Global LIMS and is checked up on by a second laboratory technician. Then, another department, quality assurance, runs through the entire sample, from collection to analysis, ensuring that everything is compliant. If everything is deemed acceptable, quality assurance confirms and releases the production batch associated with the samples. Lastly, when the batch has been confirmed the samples are stored for a specific amount of time as a safety measure if further analysis is needed. The storage time of the samples where the batch has been released differ, however, ultimately if everything has gone right in the process, they are thrown out.