The entire process starts when last year’s festival ends, where the board members send out ‘thank you’ and evaluation letters to the volunteers from the current year. This activity activates a ​response, ​which also implies that the execution of the activity must happen within six months, before the next activity. It correspondingly triggers a ​condition which indicates once the volunteers have received the letter, it is possible for them to answer the evaluation. It is, nevertheless, not required for the volunteers to answer the evaluation in order to continue the process. However, each time a volunteer fills out an evaluation, the activity triggers a response implying that the activity of a board member reading the evaluation, must happen. After 'follow up from the previous year’ has been executed, the next activity in the process is the first board meeting. Once the board meeting has occurred, a ​condition is activated and enables them to gain access to RF’s internal recruiting system. When they have gained access to the system, it permits the board to open for sign-up on their website.

Because all responsible volunteers are people who have worked at Lasagne Boden(LB) for many years, they can sign up as soon as the website is open​. Subsequently the board can publish the FAQ and start to delegate responsibilities for the imminent work tasks. Once this has been executed, they can begin promoting and commence different initiatives for gathering volunteers​.
Immediately upon the aforementioned takes place, people can start signing up as volunteers. The arrows from this activity constraints that a board member has to send a confirmation mail, every time a volunteer sign up. The confirmation mail enables new volunteers to create an account in People, along with, becoming a member of LB’s Facebook group. These activities are obligatory in order to validate as a volunteer. However, as displayed in the graph in App. 3., the red arrow from the activities in ‘validating as a volunteer’ and the ‘responsible sign up’ denotes that the activity of validating as a volunteer is irrelevant for the responsible volunteers if they are already signed up; causing the activity to become ​excluded and irrelevant. 

The next step in the process is the activity of the volunteers to pay deposit, which is compulsory for all volunteers in order to continue the process. The arrows denotes that this must occur before they can proceed to the next activity, which is getting their wristband for the festival. Once they have received the wristband, they are now guaranteed and approved as a volunteer. As people are starting to get approved, and the number of volunteers are increasing, the Board will have a follow up meeting checking the status of the volunteers. Once this meeting has occurred, they can figure out whether they have reached the required number of volunteers or not. The arrows in this diagram indicates that the activity of reaching the required number of volunteers must happen, before they can be ready for the festival. Once all these activities have been executed the process can be seen as complete.
