The customer must first place an order to receive an estimated wait time. From there the customer can either decline the order, ending the process, or they can confirm the order. If they confirm the order, the cashier must then write a post-it-note of the order after which the prep guy starts prepping the pizza. When prepping the pizza, the prep guy must first read the post-it-note and assess whether there is available space on the prep table. If there is enough space, he must continue to clean up the table, however, if there is not any available space he must wait and reassess the space. When he has read the post-it-note and assessed the space once again he can again either determine that there is not enough space and wait some more, or if there is enough space he must carry on to clean up the table, put flour on it and flat out the pizza dough. He then must assess whether it is a white or a regular pizza. If it is a regular pizza, he must put sauce on it and then he must put toppings and cheese on. If it is not a regular pizza, he must go straight to putting toppings and cheese on which finishes the pizza prep. The oven guy must start baking the pizza once the pizza has been prepped. When doing so, the oven guy must first assess available space in the oven - if there is space, he must carry on assessing the number of pizzas prepared, however, if there is not enough room he must wait and reassess the space. After reassessing the space, he can either determine there is still not enough and wait, or if there is enough space, he must carry on assessing the number of pizzas prepared. If there are enough pizzas ready, he must put them in the oven. If there is not enough, he must check for more customers. If there are no customers, he must put the pizzas in the oven, however if there are more, he must first wait for more pizzas to be ready and then proceed to put the pizzas in the oven. Next, he must check if the pizza is finished. If it is, he must take it out of the oven, but if it is not, he must leave it in and check again later. When he checks again, he must make the same decision, however, if it is ready, he must take it out of the oven ending the baking of the pizza. The oven guy must then check if the pizza is burnt. If it is not, the cashier must serve the pizza - however, if the pizza is burnt, the oven guy must throw it out, after which the prep guy must prepare the pizza anew. When serving the pizza, the oven guy must first put the pizza in a box, slice it and put it on the cashier’s table. The cashier must then shout out the pizza number. If the customer collects the pizza, the cashier must handle the payment ultimately fulfilling the order. If the customer does not collect the pizza, the cashier must put it on top of the oven and must again shout out the pizza number until the customer collects it.