The process begins when the IPM receives a new order from a customer. Each new order can be received a maximum of one time, thus the red excluding notation. When the IPM has received a new order, they have to determine which supplier and graphic designer is most appropriate for this particular case. There are three condition connecters leading from ‘Receive a new order’. Two of them regard suppliers: one represents inquiry about price, and the other, supplier selection. Thus, the IPM can choose to either select a supplier straight away or gather offers first. The former is due to the IPM in some cases already knowing which supplier should be used for certain types of orders based on the type of product. If they choose to inquire about a price from multiple suppliers, the response to this action is to select a supplier, as well.

Deciding from where to acquire layout has both a condition and a response connecter emerging from ‘Receive new order’. This is due to the fact that the decision regarding where to obtain the graphic design must be made at least once upon receiving an order, but it cannot be done before the new order is received. The company can acquire layout either internally or externally. Condition connecters are going to both of these options, and two dynamic exclusions go between the internal and external option, declaring that the two are mutually exclusive. Once the layout is created, it is sent to the customer for commentary, where the customer can either approve or reject the layout. Again, here it is not possible to reject once approved and vice versa. If rejected, there is an inclusion connection for making the decision of where to acquire layout from once again. 

Simultaneously, the IPM chooses a supplier, and either requests a handling fee to be added by the KAM or adds a standard fee themselves, depending on the order size and type. The customer can then again either reject or approve the price. Much like the layout loop, rework is allowed by an inclusion connection back to ‘Add on fee’. If the price is rejected and the customer does not want a new price, the order is dropped, and dynamic exclusion connections ensure that no further graphic designing is requested, no order confirmation is sent to customer nor supplier, and that the order is not created in Microsoft C5. 

Nothing inhibits the goal from being achieved except if the order dies, which could even be a goal in itself in that it completes the process. Otherwise, the goal is to reach the three final steps: sending the layout to the chosen supplier for production, sending order confirmation to the customer, and creating the order in Microsoft C5.