The production starts of with a warehouse sending an inquiry for more product. This then
starts the production.
The production has three phases, the preproduction, the production itself and the control of
the product. The pre production mainly concerns following the required legislation in order to
be allowed to produce the beverage as well as making sure all the machinery is fully
functioning and that all the ingredients are available. This is mainly done by the HQ.The second step is the actual
production of the Syrup/Liquid, Bottles,the bottling of the liquid and finally the packaging.
The last step is the shipping process in which the warehouse will receive the shipment they
need (this part also have ties to the beginning of the process as the warehouse sends an
inquiry for more product).
In the first phase the company must make sure that their standards follow the ISO 9001 and
the ISO 22000, the company's own Quality and Food Safety policy and lastly the global standards of the Coca Cola company. This involves electronic bottle inspection equipment
on all refillable bottling production lines to identify and reject even the tiniest irregularity in
their beverages. Furthermore, the process must not violate any legislation when it comes to
production of food or beverages
In the 2nd phase the production process starts with the production team making sure all ingredients are available,
then the machinery must maintained to reduce the risk of contamination or breakdowns.
The ingredients must also inspected before production to make sure that there are no
irregularities, if an irregularity presents itself, this batch of ingredients is declined and not
used. The water used in the production goes through special treatments to ensure the
microbiological safety. The water must have the correct concentration of naturally dissolved
salts. The syrup is prepared in special tanks by first firstly dissolving the right amount of
sugar in the treated water, and then afterwards filtering this water to remove any possible
impurities. Only after this the simple syrup is mixed with the Coca Cola concentrate to make
up the liquid in its final form. After this a flash pasteurisation thermal process will then ensure
that even the most sensitive products will not alter in their sensory characteristic during their
shelf life.
The bottle production goes through the same basic pre steps as the liquid, however in this
process it is paramount that the company follows legislation regarding usage of plastic and
cleanliness of the product as it would otherwise be illegal to use.
The filling and packaging process starts with the treated and cooled water being mixed with
the final syrup and then the carbon dioxide is added. The drink is the filled into the bottles
and ready to be packaged. The bottles must be perfectly clean, hermetically sealed, labeled,
coded and tested. This is done by machines in a modern automatic plant. The glass bottles
are then placed in boxes while the plastic bottles and canned products go into various
multipacks. The Product is then shipped to the warehouse where it was intended to go from
the start.