The objective of this section is to define the formal process for the user authentication system, taking into consideration the following topics: authentication, management, and administration within the system.

User Functionalities:
Registration process of the guest user:
Guest user is able to register by filling in all the necessary fields such as: date of birth, email address and password.
The system then validates the uniqueness of the email address and checks whether the password is strong enough as well as ensuring the user is over 14 years old.
After successful registration, the user can gain access to the service by logging in.

Authentication process of a registered user:
Registered users authenticate themselves by providing the account details: email address and password.
The system verifies the credentials within its database of sensitive data and authenticates the user only if the check is successful.
User is now authenticated and can access the service.

Profile Management:
Authenticated users can change their profile information such as contact details and password.
The system validates and updates the user’s changes within the profile.
Users can request the deletion of their account from the system.
Upon confirmation, the user account and associated data are permanently removed from the system.

Administrative Functionalities:
Admin Access
Admin users are privileged to perform administrative functions for all system users.
Admin access is granted based on predefined roles and its permissions.

User Management:
Admin users can view, create, update, and delete user accounts.
user account deletion performed upon validating the procedures.
Admins can initiate the deletion of a user account from the system if necessary.
Upon successful deletion of the account, its associated data are permanently removed from the system.

Supplementary Security Controls:
Two-Factor Authentication (2FA):
Authenticated users can log in or update their profile details using Two factor authentication (2FA) which adds an additional layer of protection beyond passwords.