When the customer wants to book meals online, they will use the ordering system app to book, at first, they should choose to log in or create a new user, if they don’t want to book anymore, they can exit the app in this step. When the user chooses to log in or create a new user, they will select book a seat (eat in the restaurant), book takeaway, or log out, when the user chooses to log out, the steps will back let the user log in or create.
When the user chooses to book a seat, the application will show many restaurants that support takeaway and let the user choose which restaurants they would pick or back to select a different module, when the user chooses a restaurant they will browse the menu of this restaurant, they can choose to book a seat and time or back to pick another restaurant. When the user decides to sit, the application will confirm this request and let the user choose ways to pay the deposit or cancel the request. If the user chooses to pay the deposit, the application will contact the bank. If the bank contacts the application and says it is a success, the application will contact the restaurant to book and return the result to the customer. If it did not pay successfully, it will talk to the user and back to select pay methods. When the user chooses to book a takeaway, the restaurant will show the restaurant support takeaway and the customer can choose back to select modules or choose one restaurant they like. When the user chooses a restaurant, they will view the menu of this restaurant and select takeaway or leave, when they pick takeaway success, the application will ask the customer to confirm the request and select pay method. When the user confirms the payment method, the application will connect to the bank. If the bank tells the application that payment has been successful, the application will contact the restaurant about the order of takeaway and give the result to the customer, if the payment fails, it will return to the payment method.