The primarily of goal of our S-hus business process is student satisfaction, as stated above. To achieve student satisfaction both employee and customer satisfaction is required, as both groups are students. To achieve employee satisfaction, fostering a positive work environment is required, which is achieved through the establishment of a flexible shift plan, which accommodate the needs of the primarily student workforce. The shift plan has to accommodate the lectures, assignments, exams, and study-plans of the employees.
To achieve customer satisfaction, both good service and a good product is required. Good service is achieved, if employee satisfaction is obtained, it ensures that the employees preform a satisfactory job. To get a good product however, it is required for the customer to serve themselves a cup of coffee form either of the two coffee machines.
The customer serve themselves a cup of coffee, by first choosing which machine to use, either the deluxe or regular coffee machine.Then once the customer has chosen a machine, then depending on their choice, additional steps might be required. If the customer chose to use the deluxe coffee machine, then they would have to; select what kind of coffee they would like, and whether they would like milk in their coffee or not. However, if they chose the regular coffee machine, then no further actions are required, they simply proceed to the next step. and serves themselves a cup of coffee. At anytime during the process of making the given cup of coffee, it is possible for the customer to cancel the process. To cancel the process the customer is required to press the cancellation button for 1 second.
However, it is required for an employee to do or have done maintenance on the machines, for a customer to make a cup of coffee. Maintenance includes cleaning of both machines, filling up coffee beans and milk on the deluxe machine, and finally filling up pre-brewed on the regular one.
For the employee to clean a machine, the regular machine shows on a screen that it needs cleaning, where the deluxe machine sends a notification via an app, when it needs cleaning. This notification on both machines, happens every 6 hours. Once the machine has notified the employee, the employee has 30 minutes to clean the machine. When the maintenance of the chosen machine is obtained, the customer serves themselves a cup of coffee. For them to get the product however, they need to pay. To pay for the coffee, the customer can choose cash, credit card or MobilePay. If credit card or MobilePay is chosen, it requires the payment to be verified and accepted. The verification needs to succeed in less than 10 seconds, else the payment is cancelled and the customer has to choose another form of payment. If the payment is accepted, the customer have now bought themselves a cup of coffee, achieving the customer satisfaction.
With both customer satisfaction and employee satisfaction achieved, student satisfaction is then in the end obtained.